---
layout: post
title: Java Lesson 1
toc_level: 6
category: Dummy
date: 2019-9-9
---

## 1. Binary Search

## 2. Selection Sort

Jingwen Zhang

FYS: Worlds of Science Fiction

Professor Hildebrand 

3 December 2019



Final Project Proposal

​	My final project will be a written short story inspired by Ted Chiang’s *The Story of Your Life* and several Cixin Liu’s novels, including *Three Bodies, Ball Lightning,* and *The Wandering Earth.*

​	*The Story of Your Life* was my favorite story among all the texts that we discussed in class. In Chiang’s novel collection *Stories of Your Life*, he includes a passage indicating that he was inspired by the physics rule first and related it to a friend’s cancer. After that, I tried to look at the science and natural rules in our world from a philosophical perspective. 

​	When I was reading about the quantum physics, there are a few experiments and some theories that fascinates me. They inspired me to think about the philosophy of death and existence. The quantum will have different status when there is an observer and when there is not. Then what if everything can be turned into quantum state? 

​	The characters and plots are to be determined. However, the story will be taken place in near future and it will probably include a scientists family that collaborate through time to discover the true nature of our world. The story will have two narrators, both are the main characters in the story. One of them will be alive and the other will be “dead”. However, there will be few conversations between them. They worked together to unravel the mystery of abnormal phenomenons on earth.

​	The story contains physics and philosophy knowledge, and it expresses a genuine good wish that currently can only come true in science fiction. However, it is not impossible that one day, what the story describes will turn into reality.